[12.0] [ADD] sale_timesheet_purchase: Backport the module from v13 to v12. (#379)
OCA/timesheet: sale_timesheet_purchase/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> sale_timesheet_purchase:
> 
> Bridge module between Sales Timesheet and Purchase.
> The module is already in odoo v13. So, We contributed the same module in OCA v12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows to access purchase orders from Project Overview.

This is a bridge module between Sales Timesheet and Purchase.
It is an Odoo 13 standard module. This is a backport to Odoo 12.
```
